All files needed to run CenW are in this ZIP file. Just copy the file to a directory from where you want to operate, unzip all files to the directory and then click CenW31.exe to start program execution.

The program needs 
CenWDef.df! - this file MUST be in the same directory as the directory from where you execute the program. Its main task is to tell the program where the project file is.
CenW.PJ! - a PROJECT file with the extension 'PJ!' which tells the program about the project, What files to use and what to do.
CenW.PL! - a PLANT file with the extension 'PL!' which contains all plant-related parameters. 
CenW.ST! - a SITE file with the extension 'ST!' which contains all site-related parameters. 
CenW.IL! - a POOL file with the extension 'IL!' which contains all initial pool files. 
Apart from CenWDef.df!, the files could be located in any directory and the program should find them. However, it may be simpler if you start by locating them all in the same directory.

In addition, there are:
CenW.CL! - a CLIMATE file with the extension 'CL!' which contains a set of daily weather observations. You can ALSO choose to run the model with synthetic program-generated weather data.
CenW.HLP - a Help file that answers all questions you ever thought of about running CenW.
CenW.DT! - the output file generated by the program. It is an ASCII file and you can open that file in Excel or some other package and manipulate the data in whatever form.

If all else fails, send me an e-mail AND I will be happy to respond to any queries.

If you are downloading the full program files including the source code, then the following information is relevant as well:
The program was developed under Delphi 2007 for Windows. There are a few changes in this newer version that overcomes some of the problems we had in the previous version (3.0)
and ensures greater portability. 

The key files are:
CenW31.dpr - the project file for Delphi.
CenW31.pas - The module with formal definition of all units
untMain.pas - This is where everything gets defined and set up
untRun.pas - controls variable initialisation and the simulation loop that calls calculation and I/O routines as needed.
untSimulate.pas - the main (plant) engine room of the model. All plant processes are handled here.
UntSimSoil.pas - the second engine room where soils processes are modelled.
There are also a number of other files for input and output, user interface and other specialised tasks. 

Miko Kirschbaum
KirschbaumM@LandcareResearch.co.nz